'\"
.\" Man page for apt-ipfs
.\"
.\" Copyright: 2012, 2017 Dominique Lasserre <lasserre.d@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" You may distribute this file under the terms of the GNU General
.\" Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
.\" version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.TH "APT\-IPFS" "8" "2017-11-20" "apt\-ipfs 1.9" "apt\-ipfs Manual"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
apt\-ipfs \- shellscript wrapper for apt\-get or aptitude to speed up downloads
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP
\fBapt\-ipfs\fR [apt\-get options and arguments]
.br
\fBapt\-ipfs\fR [aptitude options and arguments]
.br
\fBapt\-ipfs\fR { { \fIinstall\fP | \fIupgrade\fP | \fIdist-upgrade\fP |
\fIfull-upgrade\fP | \fIbuild-dep\fP | \fIdownload\fP | \fIsource\fP }
[ \-y | \-\-yes | \-\-assume\-yes | \-\-assume\-no ] <package1> <package2> ... |
\fIclean\fP }
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
\fBapt\-ipfs\fR is a shellscript wrapper for apt\-get or aptitude that can
drastically improve APT download times by downloading packages in parallel,
with multiple connections per package.
.br
It uses \fBaria2c\fR(1) as default download accelerator.
.LP
For every command or option you can use either \fBapt\-get\fR(8) or
\fBaptitude\fR(1) syntax, depending which package manager you have selected
with \fB_APTMGR\fR configuration item. See \fBapt-ipfs.conf\fR(5) for detailed
description of configuration items.
.LP
Commands listed here use download accelerator to retrieve new packages or
influence \fBapt\-ipfs\fR in different ways. See documentation of selected
package manager to get overview of all commands available.
.TP
\fBinstall\fR <\fIpackage1\fP> <\fIpackage2\fP> ...
 Install one or more packages. The packages should be listed after the
“install” command.
.TP
\fBupgrade\fR
Upgrade currently installed packages to newest or pinned versions. Under no
circumstances are currently installed packages removed, or packages not
already installed retrieved and installed.
.TP
\fBdist\-upgrade\fR
Same as \fBupgrade\fR command, but currently installed packages can be removed,
or packages not already installed retrieved and installed.
.TP
\fBfull\-upgrade\fR
Same as \fBdist\-upgrade\fR command.
.TP
\fBbuild\-dep\fR <\fIpackage1\fP> <\fIpackage2\fP> ...
Install build dependencies of one or more packages. The packages should be
listed after the “build\-dep” command.
.TP
\fBdownload\fR <\fIpackage1\fP> <\fIpackage2\fP> ...
Download packages to current working directory. It depends on download helper
if already downloaded packages are recognised.
.TP
\fBsource\fR <\fIpackage1\fP> <\fIpackage2\fP> ...
Download source packages to current working directory and extract source
archives. It depends on download helper if already downloaded source packages
are recognised.
.TP
\fBclean\fR
Clean package cache (configuration item \fBAPTCACHE\fR) and temporary download
directory (configuration item \fBDLDIR\fR). Also remove temporary download list
file (configuration item \fBDLLIST\fR).
.SH "OPTIONS"
Options listed here influence \fBapt\-ipfs\fR behavior. See
documentation of selected package manager to get overview of all options
available.
.LP
.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-yes\fR, \fB\-\-assume\-yes\fR
Automatic "yes" to prompts; assume "yes" as answer to all prompts and run
non\-interactively. Sets \fBDOWNLOADBEFORE\fR configuration item to "true".
.TP
\fB\-\-assume\-no\fR
Automatic "no" to all prompts. Unsets \fBDOWNLOADBEFORE\fR configuration
item.
.SH "FILES"
.TP
/etc/apt\-ipfs.conf
Configuration file. See \fBapt\-ipfs.conf\fR(5) for detailed description.
.TP
/tmp/apt-ipfs.list
Temporary download list file. Configuration item: \fBDLLIST\fR
.TP
/var/cache/apt/apt-file/
Temporary download location where download accelerator retrieves packages
before \fBapt\-ipfs\fR moves them to package cache. Configuration item:
\fBDLDIR\fR
.SH "BUGS"
Use Launchpad bug tracker to report package related bugs (please add debconf
related information with 'debconf-show apt-ipfs'):
.br
https://bugs.launchpad.net/apt-ipfs/+filebug
.LP
To report bugs upstream use GitHub issue tracker:
.br
https://github.com/ilikenwf/apt-ipfs/issues/new
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
\fBapt-ipfs.conf\fR(5)
.br
\fBapt\-get\fR(8),
\fBaptitude\fR(8),
\fBaria2c\fR(1),
